("Obsession" by Animotion)
♪♪♪
♪ You are an obsession,
you are an obsession ♪
♪ I cannot sleep,
I cannot sleep ♪
♪ I am a possession,
I am a possession ♪
♪ Unopened at your feet ♪
♪ There's no balance,
there is no balance ♪
♪ No equality, no equality ♪
♪ Be still, be still ♪
♪ I will not accept defeat,
I will not accept defeat ♪
♪ I will have you,
yes, I will have you ♪
♪ I will find a way,
and I will have you ♪
♪ Like a butterfly,
a wild butterfly ♪
♪ I will collect you
and capture you ♪
♪ You are an obsession ♪
♪ You're my obsession ♪
♪ Who do you want me to be ♪
♪ To make you sleep with me ♪
♪ You are an obsession ♪
♪ You're my obsession ♪
♪ Who do you want me to be ♪
♪ To make you sleep with me ♪
♪ I feed you, I drink
you by day and by night ♪
♪ I need you, I need you
by sun and candlelight ♪
♪ You protest, you want to be ♪
♪ Safe, oh, there's no
alternative, there's
no alternative ♪
♪ Your face appears again,
I see the future there ♪
♪ But I see danger,
stranger beware ♪
♪ Of circumstance in
your naked dreams ♪
♪ Your affection is
not what it seems ♪
♪ You are an obsession,
you're my obsession ♪
♪ Who do you want me to be ♪
♪ To make you sleep with me ♪
♪ You are an obsession ♪
♪ You're my obsession ♪
♪ Who do you want me to be ♪
♪ To make you sleep with me ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ My fantasy has turned to
madness, has turned to madness ♪
♪ And all my goodness,
and all my goodness ♪
♪ Has turned to badness,
has turned to badness ♪
♪ My need to possess you
has consumed my soul ♪
♪ My life is trembling,
I have no control ♪
♪ I will have you,
yes, I will have you ♪
♪ I will find a way,
and I will have you ♪
♪ Like a butterfly,
a wild butterfly ♪
♪ I will collect you
and capture you ♪
♪ You are an obsession ♪
♪ You're my obsession ♪
♪ Who do you want me ♪
♪ To be to make
you sleep with me ♪
♪ You are an obsession ♪
♪ You're my obsession ♪
♪ Who do you want me to be ♪
♪ To make you sleep with me ♪
♪ You are an obsession ♪
♪ You're my obsession ♪
♪ Who do you want me to be ♪
♪ To make you sleep with me ♪
♪ You are an obsession ♪
♪ You're my obsession ♪
♪ Who do you want me to be ♪
♪ To make you sleep with me ♪
♪ You are an obsession ♪
♪ You're my obsession ♪
♪ Who do you want me to be ♪
♪ To make you sleep with me ♪
(music fades)